4 raasson.

linguistic usage. Accordingly an attempt has been made in the
illustrative notes, on the pages with the text, tc give sufficient
prominence to the historica] and literary features of the essay,
and to show by numerous quotations what ancient and modern
authors have uttered like thoughts, couched in similar forms of
expression. In numerous cases it will be seen that there is some-
thing more than a mere similarity of thought and expression.
Without doubt many modern writers have drawn their inspiraticn
direct froin the lcfty sentiments of Cicero's essay, and thus the
studentis introduced to a very interesting and important literary
study of the great master of Latin prose. If this portion of the
work shall prove suggestive and stimulating, it will accomplish
its intended purpose. ⁴

In the supplementary notes a large number of grammatica]
references have been given, and whatever assistance seemed
necessary in the translation of difficolt passages, together with
brief discussions of disputed readings For convenience of refer-
ence an index to the notes and an index of proper names have
been added. ,

In the preparation of this edition many works have been
consulted. The most assistance has been received from the
editions of Lemaire, Tischer, Lahmeyer, Sommerbrodt, Meissner,
and Reid. My thanks are especially due to the editors of the
American Book Company, who have made many valuable sug-
gestions, and who have greatly lightened the labor of taking these

pages through the press.

FRANK Ε. ROCKWOOD.

Bucnvnnn Unrvnnsmr,
December, 1894.

 

